The lib/shell components provide a (hopefully) convenient way of implementing
simple command shells.

It was inspired by lib/net/blip/shell, but differs in the following ways:

  * Command execution is split-phase. Long running commands are easy to
    implement, as executeDone() must be signalled to allow the next command
    to be processed by the shell.

  * Commands may be interrupted/aborted. Long running commands can thus
    stop reposting themselves, and signal early completion.

  * Command output is split-phase. Commands wishing to return lots of
    information can simply wait to be told when it's possible to output
    the next chunk of data. Obtaining the maximum chunk of output possible
    in each go is also supported, allowing commands to optimize their
    output (e.g. to maximize payload/headers ratio for network shells).

  * Support for different types of shells are possible, e.g. serial, UDP.
    A command does not need to know what type of shell it will be used with.

  * With care, commands can be shared across multiple shells (just be
    careful to either support reentrancy or disallow it altogether).

  * The output interface is separate from the command interface, and can be
    wired to support diagnostics/snooping of command activity, or even
    support blind terminals.

  * Command line parsing is delegated to its own module, allowing for easy
    extension of features if so desired (environment vars, loops, etc).

  * Limited interactive line editing supported in the SerialShellC.
    Non-interactive shell types (e.g. UDP-based ones) don't need this,
    and don't incur the overhead of this support.

Of course, there are some downsides:

  * Increased wiring requirements. As there can be more than one shell,
    commands cannot auto-wire themselves to The One True Shell.
    To alleviate this, the macros in ShellCommand.h abstract away the
    intricacies, and pre-configured components can be provided for the
    typical use case (e.g. single UDP shell or serial interface using
    PlatformSerialC).

  * To support multiple concurrent shells, the commands must be written
    to handle reentrancy. For long-running/posting commands, this involves
    keeping extra state around, or alternatively they can simply detect
    attempts at reentrancy and return EBUSY (though that is less user
    friendly).


For an example of how to make use of lib/shell, have a look at the
TestSerialShell application in apps/tests/TestSerialShell.
